Tutorial Tinderbot

If you're familiar with python and git, I recommend you fastforward about X minutes.

Installing Python:
First thing first, before being able to use the Tinderbot, you will need to have python installed.
Simply click this link and download python. To check if python is installed can open our terminal or command prompt.
For Mac users simply click "CMD-SPACE", search for terminal and click enter.
For Windows users, simply click in the lower left corner, search for 'CMD' and press enter.

Once our console is opened, we can look if python is installed by entering 'python --version'
As you can see we got the latest version of python installed.

Furthermore we're gonna need 'pip' which we can check if it is installed by the command 'pip3 --version'

Once pip is installed we'll be able to install the packages and libraries we need to run the code of this project
and other projects you're interested in.

Installing these libraries in a virtual environment where it can't harm your system is a good practice but not mandatory
Although since we're good kiddo's, we're gonna do it by the book and install virtualenv
pip3 install virtualenv

From now on we're not gonna use pip3 install outside of any virtual environment anymore.

Let's start by simply downloading our project.
Once the project is downloaded we can drag it to our desktop.
We're going to open our terminal/command prompt again and we're gonna navigate to our project.
We can do this by checking what directories there are by the command 'ls' for mac and for windows 'dir'
We can see that 'Desktop' is one of the directories, one of the folders we can navigate to.
So let's CHANGE DIRECTORY (cd) to Desktop. (Note: Terminal is capital sensitive)
and further to Tinderbot. (cd Tinderbot)
Let's see again what our options are from here by entering the command 'ls' or 'dir'.
We can see another directory, named 'helpers', as well as files like our bot.py, quickstart script and the requirements.txt
Let's open this requirements.txt to see what's inside.
The requirements.txt file holds the modules we're going to need to be able to run this project.
As you can see we're gonna need, Selenium and webdriver-manager for our automation, pyfiglet for our cool banner,
and pillow to handle images.

We're good bois and grils so what did we learn. We need to install these inside a virtual environment.
let's create a virtual environment using our terminal by the command 'virtualenv venv'
This will install our virtual environment for this project
To activate this environment we're gonna need to use 'source venv/bin/activate'
As you can see we're now inside the virtual environment.
Time to install the modules we need by running the command 'pip3 install -r requirements.txt'
As you can see al the packages we need are getting installed.
to get out of this virtual environment we can just write 'deactivate' and press enter.
However running our project from outside the virtual environment will result into errors, since the packages are
only installed and accessible inside the virtual environment.
so we're gonna re-enter our virtual environment where the dependencies were installed

Before we dive into the code and open the quickstart script, we're gonna talk about the structure and design of the project
Basically if we open Tinder, we have a first seperation between our matches and our swipeable profiles.
Swipeable profiles are being called geomatches. Why geomatches?
Geomatches are actually profiles that lie within your ranges of distance, age, gender, ...
AND whom ranges include your profile. So that's a first 'grade' of being matches let's say.
Therefore called geomatches (geo=location, within range) matches.







